hey guys this tutorial is inspired by a
cher Lloyd to the video called I wish
eternity I now as always start with an
eyeshadow base it I'm using a paint pot
from Mac condom painterly and it's just
a new face and I'm find out with a brush
all over minutes then I'm going to take
a shadow called naked from the Urban
Decay Naked palette and I'm just
applying that all over my lids and not
going past the crease then with a clean
blending brush I just like to blend out
any excess shadow so that the lines are
not too harsh and then I'm taking
another brush it's a coloring book also
from The Naked palette and I'm just
applying this on the outer third just
keeping the color there and if I move a
little bit towards my crease then I'm
taking another really dark chocolatey
brown color and are playing this also an
outer third and also blending this
towards my crease so just give a lot
more definition so here I'm going to
line my lower lash line and also my
waterline with a black gel liner
I just prefer using the gel liner
because it's creamier
so here I'm going to smudge too gentle
either with a brown eyeshadow I'm using
buck also from urban decay which I use
on my crease earlier this just gives a
little bit of a smoky effect so I'm
going to line my upper lash line as well
with the same gel liner as I use in my
lower lash line and I'm just going to
create a little weight in the end for my
lips I'm using Ruby Valentine from
Milani and applying it with a
that I'm just gonna curl my lashes and
apply my favorite mascara and that's it
for this tutorial I hope you guys like
it don't forget to give it a thumbs up
if you did and I'll see you guys next
time bye